[Speaking Arabic]
Taxi!
Roger Burke. you ugly fuck!
What are you doing in London?
Get your hands off me.
Put them up.
you fat. wet puss!
Let's show these limey fucks
what we're made of.
Hey. wait a minute!
Who the fuck...
Who do you think this is then?
Roger Burke.
Who do you think this is?
No. you idiot. That is not...
Lay off him. asshole.
That's not him. Come on.
It's Roger Burke.
I'm sorry about my friend.
you know?
He's a fucked-up.
belligerent guy with
a serious drinking problem.
Hey. come here.
Lose it.
Come on. Calm down!
Hey. calm down.
Hey. come here!
Calm down!
Back off. Get back!
Back off! Back off!
Fuck off!
It's me. All right!
All right. Come on.
Fuck off!
It's me. Roger. Orrin!
Come on.
It's me. Remember me? Sorry.
It's all right.
You should have ducked.
Roger!
Fucking Americans!
What the fuck is that?
Was it Salameh?
Yes. of course
it was fucking Salameh!
[Soft piano music playing]
I take it she'd
eat you up a bit. huh?
You old dog.
He's got some ideas.
Oh. the American bloke?
Arert we all?
So you've heard these rumors?
These are wild stories.
Wild stories.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Can I?
I have to go to bed soon.
I work in the morning.
What kind of work do you do?
The kind that drives you
to drink.
We must have the same job.
then.
I love your accent.
I love your perfume.
Cuts right through
the smoke.
Does it?
It's very nice.
Look. I don't want
to be forward...
but it's late...
and I do have to get up early.
So...
So?
So. you're very nice. and...
Are you really going
to make me ask?
I just can't.
Pity.
You're very attractive.
I know.
If you come to your senses...
once you get up
to your lonely room...
well. maybe I'll be here.
Or maybe I'll be in my room.
alone in bed.
Good night.
The drunk Americans.
You think they were CIA?
They could've been.
For all we know. Louis is CIA.
They work both sides.
Everyone does.
Or Louis is Mossad.
Now. maybe he isn't...
but they're using him
to feed us information.
There's no direct link.
Or Mossad's giving it to CIA.
which is giving it to Louis...
and Ephraim's demanding
we give him Louis...
because he knows
we expect him to do...
Stop chasing the mice
inside your skull.
You know.
I never thought you'd last.
I thought the same about you.
From the beginning
you seemed so reluctant.
I was born reluctant.
Ask my mother.
If I can't kvetch.
I can't do my job.
You ever feel reluctant?
I'm not comfortable
with confusion.
I knew guys like you
in the army.
You'll do any terrifying thing
you're asked to do...
but you have to do it running.
You think you can outrun
your fears. your doubts.
The only thing that really
scares you guys is stillness.
But everyone's overtaken.
eventually.
Now. the mice need a brandy.
Will you join me?
No. I'm going to go upstairs.
straight to bed.
You okay drinking
by yourself?
It's just a shot
to numb the brain.
Good night.
Oh.
Beware of the local
honey trap.
Indeed?
You can't miss her.
You don't want to.
[Phone ringing]
Hello.
This is a trunk call
from Mr. Storsch.
Do you accept the charges?
Shit. Avner.
you woke up the baby.
but that's okay... I mean...
How are you?
I miss you.
You're in England
or Australia...
or the North Pole...
Yeah. that's right.
So listen. I was thinking...
when I'm finished doing
what I'm doing here...
I want to come to Brooklyn
to see you.
Brooklyn is depressing.
It's got more churches
than Jerusalem.
Listen to her talk.
[Baby gurgling]
Can you hear me?
Can she hear me?
Yeah. yeah.
Hey. Talk to me.
Daphna. make her talk.
[Baby gurgling]
Dada.
[Whispering] Hey.
Hey. sweetheart.
It's your papa.
This is my voice. darling.
This is what I sound like.
Don't forget. okay?
Listen. I have to get
her to bed. She's tired.
She'll dream about you.
REPORTER: We're standing at
a distance. as instructed
by the terrorists.
Are we going?
Is it to the airport?
Can we talk to someone.
just to say...
Shut up. okay?
Just get on the bus. okay?
Just to tell our families.
Just to say we are all right!
Everybody. just relax. okay?
Relax! Calm down.
We will ride this bus
and fly away. After.
you go back to your home...
or to your Olympic Games.
[Reporters chattering]
[Police dogs barking]
[Groaning]
[Exclaiming]
[Shouting]
[Speaking Hebrew]
[Speaking Arabic]
[Gasping]
[Sniffing]
Carl. You asshole.
I saw her first.
Carl?
[Screaming]
She's Dutch. not political.
entirely business-minded.
She lives in Hoorn.
She's there now.
This is dependable
information.
For which you pay nothing.
We're giving you this.
You understand why?
Because you want me to believe
that you had nothing to do...
with the murder of my partner.
We inabit a world
of intersecting secrecies.
We live and die at the places
where those secrecies meet.
That's what we accept.
We buy information for you
from your enemies.
This alerts them.
You're not the only people
looking for names.
You're telling me
I'm being hunted now?
He's telling you
it's time for you to quit.
The race is not
to the swift. nor
the battle to the strong...
but time and chance
happens to them all.
Evil falls suddenly.
Who can say when it falls?
[Announcements over PA
in French]
So you're really gonna
kill her?
All this blood comes back
to us.
Eventually it will work.
Even if it takes years.
we'll beat them.
We're Jews. Avner.
Jews don't do wrong
because our enemies do wrong.
We can't afford to be
that decent anymore.
I don't know that
we ever were that decent.
Suffering thousands of years
of hatred doesn't make you
decent.
But we're
supposed to be righteous.
That's a beautiful thing.
That's Jewish.
That's what I knew.
that's what I was taught.
And now I'm losing it.
and I lose that. that's...
That's...
That's everything.
That's my soul.
You need to go rest somewhere.
You don't have to do this one.
When I need you again.
I'll find you.
[Train whistle blaring]
[Radio playing]
Excuse me. Who are you?
Do you know why we're here?
I want to get dressed. okay?
Maybe you want to hire me.
You know how good I am.
No. Don't.
It's such a fucking waste
of talent.
Where're you going?
Stay here.
Shell. Shell.
Yeah.
[Gasping]
Leave it.
HANS: In seven months
we've killed six
of the 11 names.
We've killed one replacement.
One of our targets
is in prison and four...
including Ali Hassan Salameh.
are at large.
One of our own has fallen.
Since we began. the other side
has sent letter bombs
to 11 embassies...
hijacked three planes...
killed 130 passengers
in Athens and wounded
scores more...
and killed our military
attache in Washington.
Some of it was
done by a Venezuelan
called Carlos the Jackal...
who replaced Zaid Muchassi...
who replaced Hussein al-Chir.
Black September's original
leadership has been decimated.
But new leaders
are emerging...
for whom Black September
wasrt violent enough.
And to dispatch
our six dispatched targets...
we must have spent something
close to $2 million. right?
You've been cooking.
Are you expecting company?
Mrs. Meir
says to the Knesset...
the world must see
that killing Jews...
will be from now on
an expensive proposition.
But killing Palestinians
isn't exactly cheap.
If all 11 were dead.
you'd stop?
Yes.
You're lying.
What about their replacements?
With each time we kill.
we create six more.
Maybe they'll have to keep
killing them. then.
Forever.
Five targets are still alive.
That's five men
that need to be killed.
Eventually you forget that
in the beginning you hated
doing it.
For me personally.
I feel less every day.
One day I'm going to wake up.
I'm going to kill...
I'm going to go back to bed.
I'm not going to feel anything
at all.
Hey. Hans? You know there's
a rule in the book against
blind drunks.
Why don't you stop drinking
and eat something?
I mean. there's enough food
here to feed Bangladesh.
I keep seeing that
Dutch woman. you know.
sprawled out like that.
It's not that I wish
we hadrt killed her.
I wish I had let you
close up her housecoat.
Yeah.
but you werert yourself.
[Whispering] Avner.
Avner.
I went to Hans' flat
above the antique shop...
just to check up on him
because he was so...
Anyway. he's gone somewhere.
and I waited all night...
and he's not come back.
Knife.
They didn't take anything.
[Phone ringing]
What?
It will be beautiful.
LOUIS: Ali Hassan Salameh
is in Tarifa on the Spanish
coast.
He's at a compound
guarded by all the
predictable trouble.
Bomb makers often die
accidental deaths.
In Athens
you shot a KGB agent.
Many people must want
to kill you. Monsieur Storsch.
But why would I do that?
You pay better than anyone.
It's dangerous
going after Salameh.
But he planned
the Munich massacre.
Eliminate him.
and they'll let you go home.
Don't you think?
Yes. Louis. I do.
You could have a kitchen
like that someday.
It costs dearly.
but home always does.
[Festive voices]
Shit!
It's like a funouse in there.
Can you tell how many?
That's him.
Are you sure it's him. Avner?
You have to be sure.
[Yelling in Arabic]
I'm Avner Kaufman.
We know.
You want to ride with us?
Hop in.
Please.
I'm Amos.
This is Avi. Shin Bet.
We're not supposed to know
who you are...
because we're not officers.
We're just shit
and no one tells us shit.
We've heard about
what you've done.
We want to say
it's an honor
to meet you.
It's an honor for me.
too.
I have no problems
with anything you guys did...
except the woman
on the houseboat
in Hoorn.
Steve's told us about her.
We took a leave
of absence...
and killed her
off the company clock.
Don't be an idiot.
Otherwise. as I said.
we have no problems
with the job you did.
Except three
of my men died.
According
to your colleague...
I should say. emphatically.
according to your colleague...
not in any way your fault.
He sings your praises.
Best guy he ever worked for.
and so on.
He says this French group...
Louis was his name?
They sold
the terrorists information
regarding your whereabouts.
They helped kill your men.
I know Steve believes that.
but it's not true.
Tell us who they are.
They won't work with you.
It's about loyalty.
You're an Israeli officer.
That's your only loyalty!
That's it!
Okay.
This is General Hofi
of the Northern Command.
You look good.
Listen. the Prime Minister
is proud of you and your men.
She wishes she could tell you
herself. but she can't.
She never heard of you.
right?
Good. She says you've done
a great thing for your people.
For Israel.
That's it.
There is no medal or anything.
June 16. 1973.
Avner Kaufman interview.
Go ahead.
Tell me what you learned.
What I learned?
Yes.
What did you learn?
For God's sake!
Tell me the names and numbers
of your sources.
Avner. tell me.
Tell me the names and numbers
of your sources.
Please.
I can have you
court-martialed. and I might.
You can't.
I don't work for you.
I don't exist.
You look terrible.
I'm not good right now.
You don't
need to tell me anything.
It's taken a lot from you.
I'm alive. right?
And the rest sorts
itself out.
I'm not a fool. Avner.
I never said
you were a fool.
Everyone in Europe died.
Most of my family.
A huge family.
[Making blowing sound]
I never talked
to you about it.
I knew.
You knew?
So what was there to say?
I didn't die.
because I came here.
When I arrived.
I walked up to the top
of a hill in Jerusalem...
and prayed for a child.
I never prayed before.
but I was praying then.
And I could feel every
one of them praying with me.
You are what we prayed for.
What you did.
you did for us.
You did for your daughter.
but also for us.
Every one of the ones
who died. died wanting this.
We had to take it.
because no one
will ever give it to us.
A place to be
a Jew among Jews.
subject to no one.
I thank God for hearing
my prayer.
Do you want to know. Mama?
Do you want me to tell you
what I did?
No.
Whatever it took.
whatever it takes.
A place on Earth.
We have a place on Earth.
At last.
What's this?
Baklava.
From Rehovot?
The only edible baklava
is from the Arabs in Jaffa.
Eat it on the plane.
You're too thin.
I hope it gives you
a bellyache.
Listen. forget it.
You go see
your wife. your child.
rest for a few more months.
Then we're gonna put you
back in the field.
Not Europe.
Probably Latin America.
You think it over.
Rest. Avner.
Then you come back.
No.
[Church bells tolling]
That's all right.
Oh. no. no. no.
It's okay. It's okay.
Look at that beautiful hair.
Nightmares?
Yes.
Come back to bed.
I have no idea
where I should be.
The place is nice.
You've made it really nice.
The kitchers too big.
Sylvie. I need to speak
to your father.
Is Louis there?
I need to speak
to your father.
Have him call me.
212-664-7665.
I'll wait. He must call me.
I'll wait.
[Phone ringing]
Am I being hunted?
Is my family being hunted?
How is your father?
He's well?
Your family is well?
I don't know.
How is my family?
Are they well?
Are they going to be okay?
I'm sending you a parcel
of sausage and cheese.
Real cheese.
The kind you can't
find in America.
It isn't pasteurized.
so it won't taste like shit.
It's a real pleasure
to hear your voice again.
I think about you
with concern.
Do you believe me?
Avner?
You believe me. Avner?
You know my name?
Of course I do.
Now. listen to me.
It's important.
No harm will come to you
from me.
[Phone clicking]
[Dial tone]
You can't go in there. sir.
It's a restricted area. Sir?
I tried to stop him.
I don't know who this guy is.
Security!
If you're Mossad.
you know who I am.
If you don't.
tell Ephraim Avner
came to see him.
Being in this room
is by appointment only.
Shut up and listen to me.
I won't hesitate to kill
other people's children...
if you hurt my child.
Understand?
Do I know you. sir?
Or wives if you hurt my wife.
or fathers if you hurt
my father.
I don't care.
I'll go to the newspapers.
I'll give every name
of everybody who was
in the meetings.
I'll tell them everything
if you don't leave
my family alone! Okay?
[Screaming]
I love you.
Avner.
Phone for you.
He's Israeli.
You think we'd hurt
your family?
I think anyone is capable
of anything.
I think you're losing
your mind.
Did I commit murder?
I want you to give me proof
that everyone we killed...
had a hand in Munich.
I don't discuss such things
with people who don't exist.
You want to discuss.
come back to existence.
You want your daughter
to grow up in exile?
I want evidence.
Professor Hamshari
with the beautiful wife
and child?
He was implicated
in a failed assassination
attempt on Ben-Gurion.
He was recruiting
for Fatah France.
You stopped him.
We should have tried
to bring him to Israel.
And Zwaiter. your harmless
little writer in Rome?
He was behind the bomb
on El Al flight 76 in 1968.
He was working
on another bomb
last August.
I could go on
and on with this.
According to evidence
nobody has seen.
If these
people committed crimes.
we should have arrested them.
Like Eichmann.
If these guys live.
Israelis die.
Whatever doubts you have.
Avner. you know this is true.
You did well.
but you're unappy.
I killed seven men.
Not Salameh.
We'll get him. of course.
You think you were
the only team?
It's a big operation.
You were only a part.
Does that assuage your guilt?
Did we accomplish
anything at all?
Every man we killed
has been replaced by worse.
Why cut my fingernails?
They'll grow back.
Did we kill to replace
the terrorist leadership...
or the Palestinian leadership?
You tell me what we've done.
You killed them
for the sake of a country...
you now choose to abandon.
The country
your mother and father built.
that you were born into.
You killed them for Munich.
for the future. for peace.
There's no peace
at the end of this.
no matter what you believe.
You know this is true.
Here's what I know.
Your father is sick.
your mother will be alone.
You're a sabra.
Your wife and daughter
are sabras.
What I came to say
is this...
come home.
Come to my house
for dinner tonight.
Come on.
You're a Jew.
you're a stranger.
It's written someplace
or other that I'm meant to...
ask you to come
and break bread with me.
So break bread with me.
Ephraim.
No.